## How to take inputs (readIML explanation)

The actual inputs to your trader is the output of the iml file, the iml is reading from some input file and generating an output. This output is then being read when you are doing rcv.readIML(). The problem is, we don't know how fast the iml file is generating inputs for us. So each time we call readIML, we get whatever new input is generated by the iml file, so readIML() has to be called continuously. Of course it's possible we call it too quickly such that there's no new inputs generated, in that case either we get an empty string, or the beginning character is null. But we can assume that we only get a whole number of lines and not partial lines. When we get a message ending in $, we know that it's the last line, and we can stop reading. \
**Common error:** If your code is segfaulting for large inputs only, try adding sleep statements in the iml file at line 47. If your code starts working now, that means that your code is correct, just taking inputs too slowly from a buffer, which causes the buffer too overflow. But this isn't really in our control, so ignore this error for now and just add the sleep statement.

## Cancellation rules (1.1 and 1.2)

There are 2 types: if 2 buy orders are for the same stock/linear combination and one buy order is a better (greater) price, it cancels the other. The same is true for sell orders but in this case a better is a lesser price. Note that even if the prices are equal, there's a cancellation, only one of the orders survives (when the orders are identical does it matter which one?). The second type of cancellation is when you have 2 orders for the same stock, one is buy and one is sell. They cancel each other if both are exactly the same price (so both orders don't survive).Now how exactly should these be implemented?

- When an order arrives, check if there's any suriving old order which is better than it, which will cancel it (cancellation type 1). If so, this order immediately gets deleted and nothing else happens.
- Now if we think the order survives, check the surviving old orders and see which of them get cancelled by this new order (note that a new order cancels old order whether we trade with it or not). Suppose in this checking we get a cancellation of type 2, in that case our new order is also cancelled, so obviously we can't trade with it.
- But if cancellation of type 2 doesn't happen, we can finally do the calculation of checking if we should trade with this order or not, based on the price the stock was previously traded at.
